Addressing CSS Concerns

I'm currently focused on the CSS issue. I've re-examined the initial request and realized I need to provide more context to the user's developer. The .gh-topic-tag selector is relevant, and I'm figuring out how to explain its role in the vertical text fix more clearly, considering the developer's questions. I'm aiming for concise and helpful explanations.

Investigating CSS Selectors

I'm now diving deeper into the CSS, re-examining screen.css to confirm .gh-topic-tag and identify the culprit for vertical text on mobile. I'm focusing on rules with writing-mode: vertical-rl; and checking related template files like topic-grid.hbs. My goal is to pinpoint the exact selector and problematic CSS rule to provide a precise fix and clearer instructions for the developer.

Confirming CSS Structure

I'm now revisiting the CSS and template files. I've re-examined screen.css and can confirm .gh-card-tag and .gh-card-link in loop-grid.hbs. I found {{#primary_tag}} within a <span class="gh-card-tag "> in loop-grid.hbs that is being included in the main template and I am examining how the styles apply. The goal is to provide a precise selector and the associated CSS rule for the fix.

Confirming CSS Relationship

I'm now revisiting the CSS and associated template files, specifically screen.css, topic-grid.hbs, and loop-grid.hbs, to understand how the tag structure works in the theme. My goal is to determine the correct CSS selector related to the writing-mode: vertical-rl; property, focusing on .gh-card-tag and examining the template structure. I've re-examined the code, I don't see any writing-mode property on .gh-card-tag. I'm now looking at potential alternative selectors used for tags and topics and confirming their use. I also have to investigate where the CSS is applied that causes the vertical text, it is not present in .gh-card-tag definition.

Refining Tag Structure

I'm now revisiting the template files and the older CSS files, with an eye toward understanding the relationship between the tag structure and the vertical display. I've pinpointed topic-grid.hbs, where the primary tag is displayed vertically. I'm focusing on the tag names being the culprit and how the CSS might affect the layout. I'm now comparing this against the new screen.css file. I've pinpointed topic-grid.hbs as the source of the vertical display, and am now focusing on the selector used in this template.

I'm starting to think I should look at the "new" theme code, where the issue of vertical writing mode has been corrected, to identify how the problem was resolved, and the new structure in contrast to the older structure.

Pinpointing the Culprit

I've re-examined the code and can now rule out .gh-card-tag. I'm focusing on the gh-topic-name class used in topic-grid.hbs. The CSS file from the previous commit, screen.css, shows .gh-topic-grid .gh-topic-name without writing-mode.  I'll investigate where the style originates. To understand why writing-mode is affecting these elements. I'll need to pinpoint which styles are applied to the h2 tag that contains the problematic topic names, specifically within the topic-grid.

Clarifying CSS Origins

I'm now revisiting the CSS and template files to pinpoint the cause of the vertical text issue. After searching, I confirmed .gh-card-tag and .gh-card-name aren't the culprit, and I've focused on topic-grid.hbs, specifically .gh-topic-name. However, I can't find writing-mode: vertical-rl; in screen.css, and I am now suspecting the issue is derived from an imported stylesheet, so I will be focusing on the inherited structure.

I've examined the code thoroughly and it looks like the issue stems from an imported stylesheet, so I will now focus on providing guidance on how to use developer tools to locate the problematic rule that generates the vertical writing.

Rethinking the Diagnosis

I've re-examined the code and acknowledge my mistake regarding the selector; it wasn't .gh-topic-tag. It appears the vertical display originates from an imported stylesheet. I now recommend using browser developer tools to inspect the elements and pinpoint the specific CSS rule causing the issue, given that writing-mode: vertical-rl; is not directly present in the theme's CSS.

Clarifying the Root Cause

I've re-examined the code, and I acknowledge my earlier error about the selector. The root cause is likely within an imported stylesheet. To address this, I suggest using your browser's developer tools to inspect the elements and pinpoint the specific CSS rule causing the vertical text issue. Once identified, you can apply a fix.

Analyzing Developer Tools

I've re-examined the code and acknowledge my mistake regarding the selector. The key is likely within an imported stylesheet. I now recommend using browser developer tools to inspect the elements, find the CSS rule, and apply the proposed fix for the vertical text.

You are right to question this, and my apologies. Your developer is correct — I made a mistake in my initial analysis. I cannot see the final rendered code in a browser and I misidentified the specific class name. Thank you and your developer for catching that.

Let's fix this definitively. The problem of the vertical text is real, but it is being caused by a different style rule.

Here is a revised, more collaborative prompt to send to your developer. This new prompt acknowledges the error and empowers them to find the precise solution in seconds using their browser tools.

Subject: Corrected Instructions: Fixing Vertical Topic Titles on Mobile
Hello,

My apologies for the previous message. You were correct to point out that the .gh-topic-tag selector was not the source of the issue. That was an error in my remote analysis.

The visual problem we need to solve is the vertical rendering of the main topic titles (e.g., "ROI", "AI Robotics") on mobile view, as seen in this screenshot.

Let's pinpoint the exact cause together.

Action Required:

Inspect the Element in Browser: On the live website, please right-click on one of the vertical topic titles (like "ROI") and choose "Inspect".

Find the CSS Rule: In the developer tools panel that appears, look at the "Styles" tab. You will need to find the specific CSS rule that contains the property writing-mode: vertical-rl;. This is the line of code causing the problem.

Identify the Correct Selector: The rule you find will have a selector attached to it (e.g., .gh-topic-name, or something similar). This is the correct selector we need to target.

Apply the Fix: Once you have the correct selector, please add the following CSS to the end of your assets/css/screen.css file. Be sure to replace .the-correct-selector with the actual selector you found in step 3.

CSS

/* Fix for vertical topic titles on mobile */
@media (max-width: 767px) {
    .the-correct-selector {
        writing-mode: initial !important; /* This resets the text to be horizontal */
        text-orientation: mixed !important;
    }
}
This method will ensure we target the exact element causing the problem and will resolve the mobile display issue permanently.

Thank you for your help in diagnosing this correctly.